Update Troubleshooting on the Known issues for Kubeflow 1.1 (#417)
kubeflow/kfctl: operator.md

kubectl delete kfdef -n ${KUBEFLOW_NAMESPACE} --all
```

> > Note that the users profile namespaces created by `profile-controller` will not be deleted. The `${KUBEFLOW_NAMESPACE}` created outside of the operator will not be deleted either. The delete process usually takes 5 to 15 minutes because the operator needs to delete each component sequentially to avoid any race condition such as the [namespace finalizer issue](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfctl/issues/404).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that the users profile namespaces created by `profile-controller` will not be deleted. The `${KUBEFLOW_NAMESPACE}` created outside of the operator will not be deleted either. The delete process usually takes up to 5 to 15 minutes because the Operator needs to delete each component sequentially to avoid race conditions such as the [namespace finalizer issue](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfctl/issues/404).
```

## Trouble Shooting

> * When deleting the Kubeflow deployment, some _mutatingwebhookconfigurations_ resources are cluster-wide resources and may not be removed as they are dynamically created by the individual controller. It's a [known issue](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/issues/1379) for some of the components. To remove them, run the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When deleting a Kubeflow deployment, some _mutatingwebhookconfigurations_ may not be removed as they are are cluster-wide resources and dynamically created by the individual controller. It's a [known issue](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/issues/1379) for some of the Kubeflow components. To remove them, run the following:
```

Author: There is an extra `are` in the suggestions. Let me address it in another commit.
